For programmers errors aren't just mistakes and just letting errors go through isn't often the best
you can do.
I mean sometimes yes those are unavoidable such as syntax error or reference errors and on handled exceptions
like these is a good way to see that a program is broken.
For example on the browser we'll get in our console an error with the stack trace in node.
Once again we'll get an error but a better way to think about errors is that expecting these errors
to happen during runtime and handling them correctly is a better strategy than having these unexpected
things happen.
So try to handle your errors to the best of your ability.
It's unavoidable that some of them will pass through and you won't be able to catch everything but by
using this new ability to catch errors you can perhaps make errors fail gracefully so that you have
control over why your program does.
Thus making our code more predictable.
I'll see in the next one.
Bobby.